# Udacity Nanodegrees

[Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) offers some great courses in their
[Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/nanodegree) programs. If you don't have
the money, and/or just don't want to pay for them, you can take each of the
courses for free.

While it's no substitute for the actual Nanodegree programs
(which include project reviews, additional student and career guidance, and a
job guarantee) it provides some great content for learning.

Below is a list of each of the Nanodegrees currently offered and links to the
individual courses in their curricula. This page will be updated as they add
more courses and Nanodegrees.

**NOTE:** Only Nanodegree programs with their curricula listed on the Udacity
website are part of this list.

---

#### Find this project useful? Donations welcome, show some love! :revolving_hearts:!

  * <a href="https://www.coinbase.com/checkouts/c23e1399f98ff842082fd40e1be39139" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.coinbase.com/assets/buttons/donation_small-c2401ae30dd0ad6018deadfc4bb506bf56b5b7062738ee449bee97c4e80ec70c.png" alt="Donate Bitcoins" style="width: 120px; margin-bottom: 20px;"></a>
  * <a href="https://www.paypal.me/mikesprague/5" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/webstatic/en_US/i/buttons/PP_logo_h_200x51.png" alt="PayPal.me/mikesprague" style="width: 120px;"></a>

---

## Table of Contents

  * [Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree](#front-end-web-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Senior Web Developer Nanodegree](#senior-web-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree](#full-stack-web-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Data Analyst Nanodegree](#data-analyst-nanodegree)
  * [Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree](#machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree)
  * [Tech Entrepreneur Nanodegree](#tech-entrepreneur-nanodegree)
  * [Android Basics Nanodegree](#android-basics-nanodegree)
  * [Android Developer Nanodegree](#android-developer-nanodegree)
  * [iOS Developer Nanodegree](#ios-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Mobile Game Developer Nanodegree](#mobile-game-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Predictive Analytics for Business Nanodegree](#predictive-analytics-for-business-nanodegree)


---


### Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree

Master the skills required to become a Front-End Web Developer, and start
building beautiful, responsive websites optimized for mobile and desktop
performance.

Learn the fundamentals of how the web works and gain a working knowledge of the
three foundational languages that power each and every website: HTML, CSS and
JavaScript.

  1. [Intro to HTML and CSS](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)
  2. [Responsive Web Design Fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893)
  3. [Responsive Images](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-images--ud882)
  4. [JavaScript Basics](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-basics--ud804)
  5. [Intro to jQuery](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-jquery--ud245)
  6. [Object-Oriented JavaScript](https://www.udacity.com/course/object-oriented-javascript--ud015)
  7. [HTML5 Canvas](https://www.udacity.com/course/html5-canvas--ud292)
  8. [Website Performance Optimization](https://www.udacity.com/course/website-performance-optimization--ud884)
  9. [Browser Rendering Optimization](https://www.udacity.com/course/browser-rendering-optimization--ud860)
  10. [Intro to AJAX](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ajax--ud110)
  11. [JavaScript Design Patterns](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-design-patterns--ud989)
  12. [JavaScript Testing](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-testing--ud549)


---


### Senior Web Developer Nanodegree

#### _No longer listed on Udacity_

This program begins where our Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree program ends,
and is designed to give intermediate developers the chance to build on existing
front-end skills and master the newest technologies available.

This program ensures you’re supremely well-prepared to succeed in a Senior Web
Developer role.

  1.  [Building High Conversion Web Forms](https://www.udacity.com/course/building-high-conversion-web-forms--ud890)
  2.  [Web Tooling & Automation](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-tooling-automation--ud892)
  3.  [JavaScript Promises](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-promises--ud898)
  4.  [Offline Web Applications](https://www.udacity.com/course/offline-web-applications--ud899)
  5.  [Web Accessibility](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-accessibility--ud891)
  6.  [Front-End Frameworks](https://www.udacity.com/course/front-end-frameworks--ud894)
  7.  [Client-Server Communications](https://www.udacity.com/course/client-server-communication--ud897)


---


### Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree

#### _v4.0_

This program will prepare you for a job as a Full Stack Web Developer, and teach
you to build complex server-side web applications that use powerful relational
databases to persistently store data.

You’ll learn to build applications that can support any front-end, and scale to
support hundreds of thousands of users.

  1. [Programming Foundations with Python](https://www.udacity.com/course/programming-foundations-with-python--ud036)
  2. [Intro to HTML and CSS](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)
  3. [Responsive Web Design Fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893)
  4. [Shell Workshop](https://www.udacity.com/course/shell-workshop--ud206)
  5. [Version Control with Git](https://www.udacity.com/course/version-control-with-git--ud123)
  6. [GitHub and Collaboration](https://www.udacity.com/course/github-collaboration--ud456)
  7. [HTTP & Web Servers](https://www.udacity.com/course/http-web-servers--ud303)
  8. [Intro to Relational Databases](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-relational-databases--ud197)
  9. [Full Stack Foundations](https://www.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088)
  10. [Authentication & Authorization: OAuth](https://www.udacity.com/course/authentication-authorization-oauth--ud330)
  11. [Designing RESTful APIs](https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388)
  12. [Intro to AJAX](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ajax--ud110)
  13. [JavaScript Design Patterns](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-design-patterns--ud989)
  14. [Google Maps APIs](https://www.udacity.com/course/google-maps-apis--ud864)
  15. [Configuring Linux Web Servers](https://www.udacity.com/course/configuring-linux-web-servers--ud299)
  16. [Elective Course: Intro to JavaScript](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-javascript--ud803)
  17. [Elective Course: Networking for Web Developers](https://www.udacity.com/course/networking-for-web-developers--ud256)


---


### Data Analyst Nanodegree

We built this program with expert analysts and scientists at leading technology
companies to ensure you master the exact skills necessary to build a career in
data science.

Learn to clean up messy data, uncover patterns and insights, make predictions using machine learning, and clearly communicate critical findings.

  1.  [Intro to Descriptive Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-descriptive-statistics--ud827)
  2.  [Intro to Inferential Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-inferential-statistics--ud201)
  3.  [Intro to Data Analysis](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-data-analysis--ud170)
  4.  [Data Wrangling with MongoDB](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-wrangling-with-mongodb--ud032)
  5.  [Data Analysis with R](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-analysis-with-r--ud651)
  6.  [Intro to Machine Learning](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-machine-learning--ud120)
  7.  [Data Visualization and D3.js](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-visualization-and-d3js--ud507)
  8.  [Intro to HTML and CSS](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)
  9. [JavaScript Basics](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-basics--ud804)
  10. [A/B Testing](https://www.udacity.com/course/ab-testing--ud257)


---


### Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree

Machine learning represents a key evolution in the fields of computer
science, data analysis, software engineering, and artificial intelligence.

This program will teach you how to become a machine learning engineer,
and apply predictive models to massive data sets in fields like finance,
healthcare, education, and more.

  1. [Intro to Descriptive Statistics](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-descriptive-statistics--ud827)
  2. [Intro to Data Science](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-data-science--ud359)
  3. [Intro to Artificial Intelligence](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-artificial-intelligence--cs271)
  4. [Reinforcement Learning](https://www.udacity.com/course/reinforcement-learning--ud600)
  5. [Deep Learning](https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning--ud730)
  6. [Artificial Intelligence for Robotics](https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-for-robotics--cs373)
  7. [Machine Learning for Trading](https://www.udacity.com/course/machine-learning-for-trading--ud501)


---


### Tech Entrepreneur Nanodegree

#### _No longer listed on Udacity_

Our Tech Entrepreneur Nanodegree program teaches you the skills you need to
create your own revenue-generating app, and build a successful business around
it. You’ll learn to succeed the Silicon Valley way!

Built in partnership with Google, this program mixes theory and practice to
show students how to transform ideas into market-ready products.

  1. [Product Design](https://www.udacity.com/course/product-design--ud509)
  2. [App Monetization](https://www.udacity.com/course/app-monetization--ud518)
  3. [Rapid Prototyping](https://www.udacity.com/course/rapid-prototyping--ud723)
  4. [App Marketing](https://www.udacity.com/course/app-marketing--ud719)
  5. [Get Your Startup Started](https://www.udacity.com/course/get-your-startup-started--ud806)

---

### Android Basics Nanodegree

Android apps are everywhere, and learning to build them can be a fantastic
career move. No programming experience? No problem! The skills you learn in this
beginning Nanodegree program will accelerate your journey to becoming a working
Android Developer.

  1. [Android Basics: User Interface](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-user-interface--ud834)
  2. [Android Basics: User Input](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-user-input--ud836)
  3. [Android Basics: Multi-screen Apps](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-multi-screen-apps--ud839)
  4. [Android Basics: Networking](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-networking--ud843)
  5. [Android Basics: Data Storage](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-data-storage--ud845)


---


### Android Developer Nanodegree

For intermediate Java developers pursuing Android specialization, this program
teaches the tools, principles, and patterns that underlie all Android
development.

The skills you learn in this Nanodegree program will help you master the
existing platform, and prepare you for the exciting opportunities in Android's
future.

  1. [Developing Android Apps](https://www.udacity.com/course/developing-android-apps--ud853)
  2. [Advanced Android App Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/advanced-android-app-development--ud855)
  3. [Gradle for Android and Java](https://www.udacity.com/course/gradle-for-android-and-java--ud867)
  4. [Material Design for Android Developers](https://www.udacity.com/course/material-design-for-android-developers--ud862)
  5. [Android Wear Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-wear-development--ud875A)


---


### iOS Developer Nanodegree

Being an iOS Developer is a remarkable occupation, and we’ve designed this
Nanodegree program to teach you the skills required to launch your career.

For those with previous object-oriented programming experience, you’ll learn
Swift and build a multitude of portfolio-worthy iOS apps to demonstrate your
expertise as an iOS Developer.

  1. [Intro to iOS App Development with Swift](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ios-app-development-with-swift--ud585)
  2. [UIKit Fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/uikit-fundamentals--ud788)
  3. [iOS Networking with Swift](https://www.udacity.com/course/ios-networking-with-swift--ud421)
  4. [iOS Persistence and Core Data](https://www.udacity.com/course/ios-persistence-and-core-data--ud325)
  5. [How to Make an iOS App](https://www.udacity.com/course/how-to-make-an-ios-app--ud607)
  6. [Objective-C for Swift Developers](https://www.udacity.com/course/objective-c-for-swift-developers--ud1009)


---


### Mobile Game Developer Nanodegree

#### _No longer listed on Udacity_

If you want the skills to turn your game ideas into reality, or get ready to
jump into professional game development, this is the program for you!

The core of this Nanodegree program is libGDX, a powerful cross platform game
development framework that allows you to release your game on a variety of
devices and operating systems.

  1. [2D Game Development with libGDX](https://www.udacity.com/course/2d-game-development-with-libgdx--ud405)
  2. [How to Make a Platformer Using libGDX](https://www.udacity.com/course/how-to-make-a-platformer-using-libgdx--ud406)
  3. [Engagement & Monetization | Mobile Games](https://www.udacity.com/course/engagement-monetization-mobile-games--ud407)


---


### Predictive Analytics for Business Nanodegree

As more and more companies incorporate predictive analytics into their data
strategies, demand for business analysts with these skills is growing rapidly,
and salaries are rising. This Nanodegree program will equip you with these very
in-demand skills, and no programming experience is required to enroll!

You’ll master the most important predictive techniques, work with leading
tools in the space, and learn to deliver high-value solutions to important
business problems.

  1. [Problem Solving with Advanced Analytics](https://www.udacity.com/course/problem-solving-with-advanced-analytics--ud976)
  2. [Creating an Analytical Dataset](https://www.udacity.com/course/creating-an-analytical-dataset--ud977)
  3. [Classification Models](https://www.udacity.com/course/classification-models--ud978)
  4. [Data Visualization in Tableau](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-visualization-in-tableau--ud1006)
  5. [A/B Testing for Business Analysts](https://www.udacity.com/course/ab-testing--ud979)
  6. [Time Series Forecasting](https://www.udacity.com/course/time-series-forecasting--ud980)
  7. [Segmentation and Clustering](https://www.udacity.com/course/segmentation-and-clustering--ud981)
